# Fiesta Heroes Documentation

Welcome to the Fiesta Heroes documentation repository! This repository contains the documentation for Fiesta Heroes.
A live version of the documentation can be found at [https://doc.fiestaheroes.com](https://doc.fiestaheroes.com).

# Getting Started

To start local development and contribute to the documentation, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/fiesta-heroes.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the repository and install the dependencies:

   ```bash
   cd fiesta-heroes
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the local development server:

   ```bash
    npm run start
    ```

4. The documentation site should now be running locally at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
   
# Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the documentation, please open a pull request with your changes. If you are unsure about something, feel free to open an issue to discuss it.

### Adding a new page

To add a new page to the documentation, follow these steps:

1. Create a new markdown file in the `docs` directory. The file name will be the URL path of the page. For example, `docs/new-page.md` will be available at `/new-page`.

2. Add the following frontmatter to the top of the file:

   ```md
   ---
   title: New Page
   ---

   ```

3. Add the content for the page below the frontmatter.

4. Add the page to the sidebar by editing the `sidebars.js` file in the root of the repository. Add the following to the `docs` section:

   ```js
   {
     type: 'doc',
     id: 'new-page',
   },
   ```

5. Commit your changes and open a pull request.

### Lua Documentation

If you need to make changes to anything related to Lua, please modify the fiesta.lua file located in the static/files directory. The fiesta.lua file is auto-generated by a script located at scripts/convert_lua.py.

To generate the Markdown page from the Lua script, follow these steps:

1. Make sure you have Python 3 installed on your machine.

2. Run the following command:

   ```bash
   python scripts/convert_lua.py
   ```

3. The fiesta.lua file will be converted to Markdown and placed in the docs/lua directory.

# License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

The Fiesta herores documentation (e.g., .md files in the /docs folder) is [BSD Zero Clause License](LICENSE-docs).